feat: add `onchange` option to `$state` (#15069)
sveltejs/svelte: documentation/docs/02-runes/02-$state.md

This can improve performance with large arrays and objects that you weren't planning to mutate anyway, since it avoids the cost of making them reactive. Note that raw state can _contain_ reactive state (for example, a raw array of reactive objects).

## State options

> Both `$state` and `$state.raw` can optionally accept a second argument. This allows you to specify an `onchange` function that will be called synchronously whenever the state value changes (for `$state` it will also be called for deep mutations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `$state` and `$state.raw` can optionally accept a second argument. This allows you to specify an `onchange` function that will be called synchronously whenever the state value changes. For a deep `$state` proxy (of a POJO/array), `onchange` is also called for deep mutations, but not for `$state` fields in classes, as these are owned by the corresponding class instance. This includes classes from `svelte/reactivity`, such as [SvelteMap](svelte-reactivity#SvelteMap).
```

The `onchange` function is untracked so even if you assign within an `$effect` it will not cause unwanted dependencies.

```js
let count = $state(0, {
	onchange(){
		console.log("count is now", count);
	}
});

// this will log "count is now 1"
count++;
```

this could be especially useful if you want to sync some stateful variable that could be mutated without using an effect.

```js
let array = $state([], {
	onchange(){
		localStorage.setItem('array', JSON.stringify(array));
	}
});

array.push(array.length);

> ```

Reviewer 2: even though localStorage was one of the primary motivators for this work I think we need to omit it from these docs, because it's just too hard to illustrate concisely without cutting corners:

- needs to accept initial data _without_ blowing up in SSR (i.e. needs `typeof localStorage` checks etc)
- needs to be composable
- needs to react to `storage` events, which basically means using `createSubscriber` which is a whole thing

I think a simpler and clearer example would be validation. Will push a change
